_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: ""
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

{% include base_path %}

## Data-rich human communication

As a cognitive scientist and data scientist, I take a **data-rich approach** to
understanding **how people collaborate, bond, and fight**. To do that, I
weave together a **variety of data sources from the lab and the real world**
for a converging tapestry of the many ways in which our language, movement,
decisions, and emotions change during social contact. Understanding how context
---including conversational goals, social connections, and physical spaces---
shape our emerging behaviors is a primary goal of my research, embedded
within **rich traditions of dynamical and ecological perspectives** on human
behavior and cognition broadly.

I'm also interested in **developing methods** to quantify social interaction,
promoting **open science** research and education, and creating opportunities
for cognitive scientists and psychologists who are interested in **big data,
naturally occurring data, and data science**.

## About me

In August 2018, I'll be joining the
[University of Connecticut](https://uconn.edu/)’s
[Department of Psychological Sciences](https://psych.uconn.edu/) as an
Assistant Professor of Ecological Psychology within the [Perception, Action,
Cognition
division](https://psych.uconn.edu/perception-action-cognition-division/). I'm
actively recruiting lab members, so please send me your CV and a brief
description of your research interests if you'd like to be considered.

I'm currently a postdoctoral scholar working with
[Tom Griffiths](http://cocosci.berkeley.edu/tom/) in the
[Institute of Cognitive and Brain Sciences](http://icbs.berkeley.edu/)
at the [University of California, Berkeley](http://www.berkeley.edu/)
and a [Moore-Sloan Data Science Fellow](http://msdse.org/)
at the [Berkeley Institute for Data Science](http://bids.berkeley.edu/).

## Some recent work

{% for post in site.recent %}
  {% include archive-recent.html %}
{% endfor %}

Commit message:

Update bio and add Tom and Rick to previous work

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: ""
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

{% include base_path %}

## Data-rich human communication

As a cognitive scientist and data scientist, I take a **data-rich approach** to
understanding **how people collaborate, bond, and fight**. To do that, I
weave together a **variety of data sources from the lab and the real world**
for a converging tapestry of the many ways in which our language, movement,
decisions, and emotions change during social contact. Understanding how context
---including conversational goals, social connections, and physical spaces---
shape our emerging behaviors is a primary goal of my research, embedded
within **rich traditions of dynamical and ecological perspectives** on human
behavior and cognition broadly.

I'm also interested in **developing methods** to quantify social interaction,
promoting **open science** research and education, and creating opportunities
for cognitive scientists and psychologists who are interested in **big data,
naturally occurring data, and data science**.

## About me

I'm an assistant professor in the
[University of Connecticut](https://uconn.edu/)’s
[Department of Psychological Sciences](https://psych.uconn.edu/), specifically
 within the [Perception, Action, Cognition
division](https://psych.uconn.edu/perception-action-cognition-division/). **I'm
actively recruiting lab members**, so please send me your CV and a brief
description of your research interests if you'd like to be considered.

Previously, I was a postdoctoral scholar working with
[Tom Griffiths](http://cocosci.berkeley.edu/tom/) in the
[Institute of Cognitive and Brain Sciences](http://icbs.berkeley.edu/)
at the [University of California, Berkeley](http://www.berkeley.edu/)
and a [Moore-Sloan Data Science Fellow](http://msdse.org/)
at the [Berkeley Institute for Data Science](http://bids.berkeley.edu/). I
received my Ph.D in
[Cognitive and Information Sciences](http://cogsci.ucmerced.edu/) working with
[Rick Dale](http://co-mind.org/rick/) at the
[University of California, Merced](https://www.ucmerced.edu/).

## Some recent work

{% for post in site.recent %}
  {% include archive-recent.html %}
{% endfor %}
